Are you blind and don't know me?
Why are you the security guard?
So what if it's me?
And
How dare the mine security guard talk to me like this
What are you still doing?
Slander
Three days to wait
Shen Longshan, what are you doing?
He is the son of my old friend
young and frivolous
God, don't know him in general
I am willing to give the shares of the Shen family to God
I just hope that God will spare them mother and son
Are you really willing to give up your
Give me the shares of Longshan Group
Okay, you have such sincerity.
I'll give you face
As long as he kneels down
And slapped himself in the face and apologized to me
And I spared his life.
Please stand still and kneel down to apologize to Tianya
I have never knelt before in this world, even my parents
Can't even make me kneel
What is he?
Also deserve to make me kneel
Boy, are you pretending to be stupid?
Are you courting death?
God Sino
I'll try to persuade him again.
Qin Zhan, you have to understand the situation?
This god is the underground emperor of the entire Dragon Kingdom
An internationally famous boss
He kills you in a fit of rage.
Dad, forget it.
Since he is courting death
Then let him die. Don't plead for him
Uncle Shen, don't be afraid
Wait for my people to come
Things can be solved easily here
Why did you call someone over?